you know i've been watching the the this
uh the impeachment hearings they went on
for like 12 hours today i've been
watching in the morning at my house
i think it's having an effect on my
children last night i asked my
daughter if she wanted a bedtime story
and she just yelled read the transcript
the democrats are slowly and
methodically building their case against
the president brick by br today mexico
even offered to pay for the bricks
but we got a full day of live televised
testimony from four government officials
today three of whom
were listening in on trump's perfect
call with the ukrainian president we
learned a lot
i tell you if these impeachment
proceedings have taught me anything it
said there is no sentence more
depressing than
the chair now recognizes devin nunes for
minutes this devin nunes is the he's the
he has a look at his face like a
kid whose mom just dragged him across
the schoolyard in front of all his
friends
nunes used his time today not to get
facts because those don't look too good
for team trump he uses time
instead to lash out at the media he
called them puppets of the democratic
party
which is someone who has his the
president's knuckles so far up his butt
they're poking his tonses
is that person allowed to call other
people puppets because
we may have to ask elmo to weigh in on
that but devin nunes
knew the president was watching and
while the president was watching them
we were watching him
i was concerned by the call what i heard
was inappropriate
and i reported my concerns to mr
eisenberg
a u.s citizen beat up the tv
well yeah you know what i tell you in
fairness
we did the same thing when arnold hosted
the apprentice
in the afternoon session we heard from
trump's former special envoy to
ukraine kurt volcker and from tim
morrison of the national security
council volcker today
modified his earlier testimony to bring
it into alignment
with the testimony of other witnesses in
other words he touched things up a
little in the truth department which is
kind of weird that you can do that right
regarding my earlier testimony that i
didn't eat chinese food in the office
fridge
i like to amend that statement to say it
was delicious and
but kurt volcker was not the witness the
republicans had hoped he'd be
he even said he told rudy giuliani the
allegations that joe biden did anything
wrong were not
credible and tim morrison said gordon
sandlin who's the big star witness
tomorrow
told the ukrainians there'd be no
military aid without a biden-related
investigation
and these were the witnesses for their
side and you know how the white house
broke protocol and stored the records of
trump's perfect call on a
top secret server well wait till you
hear the explanation for that
did you subsequently learn that the call
record had been put in a highly
classified system
i did and what reason did mr eisenberg
give you for why the call record was put
in the highly classified system
it was a mistake you said it was just a
mistake
it was an administrative error right
right
the record of the call where the
president committed a crime we
accidentally hid that one away it was a
mistake
someone dropped it in a box it wound up
in the attic the ladder is broken
nothing we can do to get it so those are
the witnesses the republicans wanted to
call in
the morning session was with jennifer
williams who's an aide to vice president
pence and
the uh ukraine man on the national
security council lieutenant colonel
alexander vinman in case you missed
their testimony representative sean
patrick maloney of new york summed it up
pretty well
miss williams you heard the call with
your own ears right
yes sir not secondhand not hearsay
you heard the president speak you heard
his voice on the call correct
and your conclusion was what he said
about investigating the bidens was your
words
unusual and inappropriate i believe am i
am i right
that was my testimony and then later you
two were on the white house call am i
right you heard it with your own ears
correct not secondhand not from somebody
else not hearsay right
correct you heard the president's voice
on the call
i didn't and you heard him raise that
subject again that ambassador sanlin had
raised before about investigating the
bidens right
i did all right so that's that right
that's i mean that's it
they both heard the president asked for
the investigation
the case closed but there's an old
saying among trial lawyers and that's it
the facts are on your side
pound the facts if the law's on your
side pound the law and if neither's on
your side pound the table
well republicans today pounded that
table like like stormy daniels
pounded donny t with that ford's
magazine they
really the way they treated this
lieutenant colonel vinman was
embarrassing even for them they tried to
smear
the recipient of a purple heart to
protect a president who doesn't even
have a red one
jim jordan of ohio this guy he implied
that vinman
was a leaker with questionable judgment
you know questionable judgment like
say if you were a wrestling coach and
the team doctor was abusing your
wrestlers
and you knew about it but you didn't say
anything that's questionable judgment
right
jim jordan but even the president's
third favorite sun
piled on dj tj tweeted anyone listening
to vinman stammer through this
seemingly trying to remember
catchphrases he was well coached
and should get that he's a low-level
partisan bureaucrat and nothing more
that's right the slick-backed sperm
sample who never served anybody
is questioning the integrity of a
lieutenant colonel with a purple heart
daddy bone spurs must be very proud of
him but this is the strategy
their goal the republicans is to smear
them to confuse us to bore us
to question the loyalty and patriotism
of lifelong civil servants and even
members of our military who've served
heroically they are intentionally
damaging these americans to protect
the low life they know is a low life but
they also know defending him
makes them popular amongst a certain
group so they do it anyway the
lieutenant
colonel lieutenant colonel this guy has
a purple heart
they tried to pick him apart the woman
whose reputation they tried to stain
works for mike pence right now they're
actually trying to make us believe that
a woman who voluntary works
for mike pence is on the other side and
we're so used to these
movies and tv shows where the criminal
breaks down on the stand and confesses
it's like we're waiting for that to
happen before we make a decision but in
real life which believe it or not this
is
that's not how it goes no one shouts you
can't handle the truth
it's not an episode of the good wife we
get little bits of information
and those little bits of information to
me
very plainly add up to this our
president made it clear to ukraine
you're not getting the money you need
to keep your people alive unless you
help me win the election
and that's it and the idea that he was
fighting corruption donald trump
not only does donald trump care about
corruption in ukraine he
wanted it he tried to buy it honestly at
this point
the only defense that might work for
them is donald trump is too stupid to
know he committed a crime
he's just dumb but the other big story
a smaller mystery in dc this week was
trump's unannounced trip to walter reed
hospital which according to the
president was yet another example
of fake news i went for a physical
and i came back my wife said darling are
you okay what's wrong
oh they're reporting you may have had a
heart attack i said why did i have a
heart attack
because you went to walter reed medical
center that's where we go when we get
the physicals i was out of there very
quickly i got back home
and i get greeted with the news that we
understand you had a heart attack
i was called by our people in
public relations sir are you okay i said
okay for what the word is you had a
heart attack
cnn said you may have had a heart attack
you had massive chest pains
you went to the hospital these people
are sick well maybe they should go to
the hospital i guess
but does anyone believe melania said
darling are you okay
because it seems out of character i
don't know
trump said he was there for phase one of
his annual physical they have to do his
physicals
in sections like when you mow the lawn
on a football field it's too large to
cover in one day
but the president declared himself to be
in excellent health he
wrote african-american unemployment and
my cholesterol are at an all-time low
we made that up but could you even tell
the difference i mean
the president's cholesterol is down but
his staff's blood pressure
is way up this is how his press wrangler
ushered reporters out of the meeting
today
thank you all very much
[Music]
that's where you need sarah huckleberry
sanders in there to
bust some heads and as if the president
didn't have enough on his tiny hands
today was release day for the new
tell-all book written by an anonymous
senior white house official
it's called a warning which no offense
to anonymous but it's a little bit late
for that
there's some good mcnuggets in the book
though according to a warning early on
trump would carry copies of electoral
maps and just pull them out randomly
during meetings with his staff to brag
about them
they say he frequently discussed
dropping mike pence from the ticket
2020. they say trump brings ideas from
lou dobbs into the oval office and
demands they do them
the way lou wants them done he tells
people if they break the law on his
behalf he'll pardon them and then
his spokespeople will claim he was
joking according to the writer
he said that or she said that's how you
know donald trump is not joking
when he sends someone out to say he was
joking the author
he also described the president as a 12
year old in an air traffic control tower
pushing the buttons of government
indiscriminately which
is good does anyone surprised by this i
mean we know he's we've been we've known
he's a lunatic for at least three years
the only way this book would be shocking
is if it said the president enjoys salad
and spending time with his kids
but it must be driving him nuts not
knowing who wrote it
because that person may be working in
his office
anderson cooper by the way managed to
get an interview with the author it's
set to air uh sunday on 60 minutes
why does the record need to be set
straight because this president is a
disgrace
he willfully breaks the law he
fornicates outside of marriage
he willfully mother's not gonna like
that language at
all hi i'm jimmy kimmel
an evil wizard has trapped me inside
this youtube video
click subscribe to help me escape